## Task 0: Create and run Webpack using a basic installation

1. Create a folder named `task_0`.
2. Install `webpack` and `webpack-cli` as developer dependencies within the folder using npm:
    ```bash
    npm install webpack webpack-cli --save-dev
    ```
3. Install `jQuery` as a regular dependency using npm:
    ```bash
    npm install jquery
    ```
4. Make sure that `webpack` and `webpack-cli` are listed under the `devDependencies` key and `jQuery` is listed under the `dependencies` key within the `package.json` file.
5. Create a `src` directory with an `index.js` file in it.
6. In the `index.js` file, import jQuery and add three different paragraphs to the page body:
    ```javascript
    import $ from 'jquery';

    $(document).ready(function() {
      $('body').append('<p>Holberton Dashboard</p>');
      $('body').append('<p>Dashboard data for the students</p>');
      $('body').append('<p>Copyright - Holberton School</p>');
    });
    ```
7. Create a `dist/index.html` file and import your `main.js` in the body:
    ```html
    <!DOCTYPE html>
    <html>
    <head>
      <title>Webpack Demo</title>
    </head>
    <body>
      <script src="main.js"></script>
    </body>
    </html>
    ```
8. When running Webpack, your JavaScript and HTML files will be generated in a `dist` folder.
9. Make sure there are no errors in the console when opening your main file.
10. Your HTML code should only import one JavaScript script, which is the one generated by Webpack.
11. Do NOT push your `dist/main.js` file if you have one.


## Task 1: Installing packages

1. Create a folder named `task_1`, navigate into it, and create a `package.json` file using the command `npm init -y`.
2. Install `webpack` as a dev dependency, and `jQuery` and `Lodash` as regular dependencies within the folder using npm:
    ```bash
    npm install webpack --save-dev
    npm install jquery lodash
    ```
3. Modify your `package.json` file to add a build script that runs webpack to create a production build. This can be done by adding the following line to the `"scripts"` section:
    ```json
    "build": "webpack --mode production"
    ```

## Using jQuery

1. Create a `js` directory within the `task_1` folder, and create a JavaScript file named `dashboard_main.js` inside it.
2. In the `dashboard_main.js` file, import jQuery and add the following elements in the specified order:
    - Paragraph element: "Holberton Dashboard"
    - Paragraph element: "Dashboard data for the students"
    - Button element with the text "Click here to get started"
    - Paragraph element with the id "count" (e.g., `<p id='count'></p>`)
    - Another paragraph element: "Copyright - Holberton School"

## Prevent spammers

1. Write a function called `updateCounter()` that tracks the number of times the button element has been clicked.
2. Each time the function is called, update the count by 1 and set the content of the paragraph element with the id "count" to "{count} clicks on the button".
3. Bind the `debounce` function from Lodash to the click event on the button you created previously.

Requirements:
- When running Webpack, your JavaScript should be generated in a `public` folder. Place your `index.html` file in this folder as well.
- The JavaScript file generated by Webpack should be named `bundle.js`.
- Set the Webpack config mode to production.
- Opening your HTML file should not generate any errors in the console.
- Your HTML code should only import one JavaScript script, which is the one generated by Webpack.

Resources:
- [Debounce documentation on Lodash](https://lodash.com/docs/4.17.15#debounce)



## Task 2: Create a specific configuration for Webpack

1. Create a folder named `task_2`.
2. Copy the code from `task_1` into the `task_2` folder.
3. Modify the webpack configuration to support adding CSS to the bundle.
4. Modify the webpack configuration to support adding images to the CSS.
5. Create a folder named `css` in the `task_2` folder.
6. Inside the `css` folder, create a file named `main.css`.
7. In the `main.css` file, change the position of the counter text to be displayed on the right of the button and in bold.
8. Add an element at the top of the document with the id `logo` and set its width and height to 200px.
9. Set the background of the `logo` element with the image located at `task_2/assets/holberton-logo.jpg`.
10. Configure Webpack to optimize images.
11. When running Webpack, your JavaScript and HTML files should be generated in a `public` folder.
12. The JavaScript file generated by Webpack should be named `bundle.js`.
13. Set the Webpack config mode to production.
14. Opening your main file should not generate any errors in the console.
15. Your HTML code should only import one JavaScript script, which is the one generated by Webpack.
16. When running Webpack, you should not see the warning "WARNING in asset size limit: The following asset(s) exceed the recommended size limit".

Resources:
- [Webpack documentation](https://webpack.js.org/)


## Task 3: Set up a development server and divide code into modules

Using the folder named `task_3`.

### Set up a development server

1. Reuse the code from `task_2`.
2. Modify the Webpack config to set up a development server running on port 8564.
3. Modify the Webpack config to set its mode to development.
4. Add a script in the `package.json` to start the server and open the browser with `npm run start-dev`.

### Divide the code into modules

1. Divide the main bundle into three modules: `header`, `body`, and `footer`.
2. Create separate files for each module: `header.css`, `header.js`, `body.css`, `body.js`, `footer.css`, and `footer.js`.
3. In the `header.js` file, import jQuery and add the logo and H1 title to the header. Print "Init header" to the console.
4. Add the necessary styles to the `header.css` file.
5. In the `body.js` file, import jQuery and Lodash. Add the body code (button, counter) to the body.
6. Add the necessary styles to the `body.css` file.
7. In the `footer.js` file, import jQuery and append a paragraph with the copyright text "Copyright - Holberton School".
8. Add the necessary styles to the `footer.css` file.
9. Modify the Webpack configuration to support three different entry points (`header`, `body`, `footer`). Each entry point should generate a filename with the format `name_of_the_file.bundle.js`.
10. Do NOT have a `task_3/public/` directory pushed to your repository.

### Add a plugin to Webpack

1. Add a plugin to Webpack to automatically create an `index.html` file.

### Improve development speed

1. Modify the Webpack config to support inline source mapping.
2. Check that the `console.log` in the `header.js` now takes you to your JavaScript file instead of the main bundle.
3. Add a plugin to Webpack to clean your build folder on each build.

### Improve bundle size

1. Modify the Webpack configuration to split the modules into chunks.

Requirements:
- When running the dev server, your code should work on `http://localhost:8564/`.
- When running Webpack, your JavaScript and HTML files should be generated in a `public` folder.
- Opening your main file should not generate any errors in the console.

